JCN-375 Agregar soporte aggregate (#20)
janis-commerce/model: README.md

```
</details>

### async  `aggregate(stages)`
<details>

> 	<summary>Execute Aggregation operations to obtain computed results in Mongodb Databases</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	<summary>Execute Aggregation operations to obtain computed results in Databases</summary>
	
> :warning: Not supported by all database connectors
```
